So let's have a quick look at the
concurrency settings within our Lambda function.
And so for this under configuration,
we can find on the left hand side, the concurrency tab.
So right now we have the unreserved account concurrency
that we're using whenever this function run.
And we have an unreserved account concurrency
of 1000 for our entire accounts.
And this is shared across all the Lambda functions
in our account.
But you can edit this, and instead you're saying,
okay, this Lambda function probably needs some concurrency
of 20, and you can reserve it.
In which case, when you save this, then what happens
is that we have 20 reserve concurrency
for this Lambda function.
And your account has 980 unreserved account concurrency
available to all the other functions.
So to test concurrency, what we can do is that
we can reserve concurrency of zero.
Which means that the function is always throttled,
which is a good use case to test.
So now, if we go into our code.
Or just, we click on test here and just click on test
then, calling the invoke API action failed
because we have exceeded the rate.
So this is the kind of error message you will get
whenever you go over your reserve concurrency.
So this is why it is good to set it to zero,
just to be able to deal with this use case
maybe in your applications, okay?
But we can fix this by going back into the concurrency
and use the unreserved account currency
or reserve a specific currency for our function.
Now, if we test this function right now,
then the execution will work and we'll get
the results directly from within this window, right here.
Okay, great.
Back into our function.
We can also provision concurrency to
remove these cold starts.
And the cold starts wiz,
are whenever your application first starts
and it takes a bit of time to initialize.
In which case we want to keep a warm pool of them,
the function available to reduce these cold starts.
And this is the Provisioned Concurrency Configuration.
So in this case, we need to add a configuration
and you can set the provisioned concurrency
either for as alias or a version.
And we'll see aliases and version very, very soon.
So alias, we don't have any right now.
And versions, we cannot apply it to the latest
because latest is not working for provisioned concurrency,
we need to publish a version.
So we'll see how to do this in the future lectures.
But right now, just want to show you where the setting is.
And then whenever you have a provisioned concurrency
for example, we say,
hey, we want to have five as provisioned concurrency.
We're going to get some cost associated with it.
So make sure that you set a number that makes sense for you
and this is not free.
So we're not going to say this,
anyway, we cannot as of right now.
But that's it for the concurrency settings in Lambda.
I hope this makes sense.
And I will see you in the next lecture.